Switch paragraph 4 and 5 in discussion (#114)
AlexsLemonade/ScPCA-manuscript: content/05.discussion.md

As the publicly available references we used do not contain tumor cells but only normal cells, we recognize that the annotations we provide are limited.
Despite these limitations, these methods can provide a good starting point for users, particularly in helping to annotate populations of normal cells that may be present, as normal cells are represented in the reference.

We also introduced our open-source and efficient workflow for uniformly processing datasets available on the Portal, `scpca-nf`, which is available to the entire research community.
In one command, `scpca-nf` can process raw data from various sequencing types, turning FASTQ files into processed `SingleCellExperiment` or `AnnData` objects ready for downstream analyses.
Using Nextflow as the framework for `scpca-nf` means the workflow is both modular and portable.
This makes it easy to add support for more modalities in the future, such as single-cell ATAC-seq, and allows others to run the workflow on their samples in their computing environment, maintaining the security of protected raw data.

> Processed output from running `scpca-nf` on samples from pediatric tumors, cell lines, or other model organisms is eligible for submission to the ScPCA Portal, enabling us to continue increasing the number of available samples freely available to all researchers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Processed output from running `scpca-nf` on samples from pediatric tumors, cell lines, or other model organisms is eligible for submission to the ScPCA Portal, enabling us to continue increasing the number of samples available to researchers.
```

Samples with CITE-seq have additional information about cell-surface protein expression in individual cells, which can help determine cell types and correlate RNA to protein expression [@doi:10.1038/nmeth.4380].
Spatial transcriptomics data on the Portal are not single-cell resolution, making it hard to identify cell types and spatial patterns from the spatial data alone.
By providing matching single-cell RNA-seq, users can implement analysis tools, like those that use single-cell RNA-seq to deconvolute spatial data, to gain more insights about the spatial data [@doi:10.1038/s41467-023-37168-7].
Similarly, users can gain more insight from bulk RNA-seq data available on the Portal by integrating with single-cell RNA-seq data from the same sample [@doi:10.1093/bioinformatics/bty019; @doi:10.1186/s13059-023-03016-6].
The single-cell RNA-seq data available on the Portal can also be used to deconvolute existing bulk RNA-seq datasets, allowing researchers to infer abundance of different cell types or cell states in bulk RNA-seq data.

> This means data available on the ScPCA Portal can be used to re-analyze any existing pediatric cancer datasets with bulk RNA-seq, such as the Pediatric Brain Tumor Atlas [@doi:10.1016/j.neo.2022.100846; @doi:10.1016/j.xgen.2023.100340], gaining more insight from previously published data without having to obtain fresh samples, saving researchers both time and money.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data available on the ScPCA Portal can be used to re-analyze any existing pediatric cancer datasets with bulk RNA-seq, such as the Pediatric Brain Tumor Atlas [@doi:10.1016/j.neo.2022.100846; @doi:10.1016/j.xgen.2023.100340]. 
This allows researchers to glean more insight from previously published data without obtaining fresh samples, saving time and money.
```
